Kafka tutorial update (#2294)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-kafka.md

- Airflow fundamentals, such as writing DAGs and defining tasks. See [Get started with Apache Airflow](get-started-with-airflow.md).
- Airflow operators. See [Operators 101](what-is-an-operator.md).

## Quickstart

> For this tutorial a [quickstart repository](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-kafka-quickstart) which automatically starts up Airflow and a local Kafka cluster and configures all necessary connections is available. Clone the repository and skip to [Step 6](#step-6-run-the-dags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a GitHub account, you can use the [quickstart repository](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-kafka-quickstart) for this tutorial, which automatically starts up Airflow and a local Kafka cluster and configures all necessary connections. Clone the repository and skip to [Step 6](#step-6-run-the-dags).
```

3. Add the following packages to your `requirements.txt` file:

    ```text
    confluent-kafka==2.1.1
    apache-airflow-providers-apache-kafka==1.0.0
    ```

4. Run the following command to start your project in a local environment:

    ```sh
    astro dev start
    ```

## Step 2: Create two Kafka connections

The Kafka Airflow provider uses a Kafka connection assigned to the `kafka_conn_id` parameter of each operator to interact with a Kafka cluster. For this tutorial you define two Kafka connections, because two different consumers will be created.

1. In your web browser, go to `localhost:8080` to access the Airflow UI.

2. Click **Admin** > **Connections** > **+** to create a new connection.

> 3. Name your connection `kafka_default` and select the **Apache Kafka** connection type. Provide the details for the connection to your Kafka cluster as JSON in the **Extra** field. The key-value pairs for your connection depend on what kind of Kafka cluster you are connecting to. Most operators in the Kafka Airflow provider mandate that you define the `bootstrap.servers` key. You can find a full list of optional connection parameters in the [librdkafka documentation](https://github.com/confluentinc/librdkafka/blob/master/CONFIGURATION.md). If you connect to a local Kafka cluster created with the `server.properties` in the info box from the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section, use the following configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Name your connection `kafka_default` and select the **Apache Kafka** connection type. Provide the details for the connection to your Kafka cluster as JSON in the **Extra** field. 

    If you connect to a local Kafka cluster created with the `server.properties` in the info box from the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section, use the following configuration:
```

Reviewer 2: The formatting of this is kind of blocky - I'm not sure if it'll let us do this in a suggestion but maybe! I bumped the center bit about where to find all the options to an info box after the code example
<img width="763" alt="Screenshot 2023-05-25 at 4 23 49 PM" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/25642903/621482e4-4d55-4824-86f3-749429adf6a0">

Author: First attempt.

<img width="1005" alt="Screenshot 2023-05-26 at 10 30 05" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/90063506/afb33abd-8842-4eee-90e3-611369e6cad1">

Attempt 2
<img width="1000" alt="Screenshot 2023-05-26 at 10 37 46" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/90063506/805b2ffe-9bf8-4e3e-85b5-d5210fc39432">

Hmm... I think this is a good compromise :) 

<img width="992" alt="Screenshot 2023-05-26 at 11 01 14" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/90063506/06bb35e4-66ad-44da-9ad2-3dc3024fec22">

    ```json
    {
        "bootstrap.servers": "kafka:19092",
        "group.id": "group_1",
        "security.protocol": "PLAINTEXT",
        "auto.offset.reset": "beginning"
    }
    ```

> 4. Click **Save**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::: info

The key-value pairs for your connection depend on what kind of Kafka cluster you are connecting to. Most operators in the Kafka Airflow provider mandate that you define the `bootstrap.servers` key. You can find a full list of optional connection parameters in the [librdkafka documentation](https://github.com/confluentinc/librdkafka/blob/master/CONFIGURATION.md). 

:::

4. Click **Save**.
```

5. Create a second new connection. 

> 6.  Name your second connection `kafka_listener` and select the `Generic` connection type. Provide the same details as in step 2.3, with the exception of setting the `group.id` to `"group_2"`. Having a second connection with a different `group.id` is necessary because the DAGs in this tutorial will have two consuming tasks which consume messages from the same Kafka topic. Learn more in [Kafka's Consumer Configs documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#consumerconfigs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  Name your second connection `kafka_listener` and select the `Generic` connection type. Provide the same details as you did in Step 2.3, but set the `group.id` to `"group_2"`. Having a second connection with a different `group.id` is necessary because the DAGs in this tutorial will have two consuming tasks which consume messages from the same Kafka topic. Learn more in [Kafka's Consumer Configs documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#consumerconfigs).
```

7. Click Save.

## Step 3: Create a DAG with a producer and a consumer task

The [Kafka Airflow provider package](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-apache-kafka/versions/latest) contains a ProduceToTopicOperator, which you can use to produce messages directly to a Kafka topic, and a ConsumeFromTopicOperator, which you can use to directly consume messages from a topic.

1. Create a new file in your `dags` folder called `produce_consume_treats.py`.

2. Copy and paste the following code into the file:

    <CodeBlock language="python">{produce_consume_treats}</CodeBlock>

    This DAG will produce messages to a Kafka topic (`KAFKA_TOPIC`) and consume them. 

>     - The `produce_treats` task produces `num_treats` messages to a Kafka topic, each carrying information containing the pet name, a randomly picked pet mood after the treat has been given and whether or not a treat was the last one in a series. The `ProduceToTopicOperator` accomplishes this by using using a function passed to its `producer_function` parameter which returns a generator containing contains key-value pairs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `produce_treats` task produces a given number (`num_treats`) of messages to a Kafka topic, each containing the pet name, a randomly picked pet mood after the treat has been given, and whether or not a treat was the last one in a series. The `ProduceToTopicOperator` accomplishes this by using using a function passed to its `producer_function` parameter which returns a generator containing contains key-value pairs. 
```

    The number of treats pushed to [XCom](airflow-passing-data-between-tasks.md#what-is-xcom) from the upstream `get_number_of_treats` task is retrieved and supplied to the `producer_function` as a positional argument via the `producer_function_args` parameter. The name of your pet is retrieved in the same fashion from the upstream `get_your_pet_name` task and provided as a kwarg to `producer_function_kwargs`.

>     - The `consume_treats` task consumes messages from the same Kafka topic and modifies them using the callable provided to the `apply_function` parameter to print a string to the logs. The pet owner name is retrieved from XCom and supplied as a kwarg via the `apply_function_kwargs` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `consume_treats` task consumes messages from the same Kafka topic and modifies them to print a string to the logs using the callable provided to the `apply_function` parameter. The pet owner name is retrieved from XCom and supplied as a kwarg via the `apply_function_kwargs` parameter.
```

>     The `produce_treats` task retrieves the number of treats pushed to [XCom](airflow-passing-data-between-tasks.md#what-is-xcom) from the upstream `get_number_of_treats` task. Then, the task supplies the number of treats to the `producer_function` as a positional argument with the `producer_function_args` parameter. In a similar process, the task also retrieves the name of your pet from the upstream `get_your_pet_name` task and provides it as a kwarg to `producer_function_kwargs`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The `produce_treats` task also retrieves the number of treats pushed to [XCom](airflow-passing-data-between-tasks.md#what-is-xcom) from the upstream `get_number_of_treats` task. Then, the task supplies the number of treats to the `producer_function` as a positional argument with the `producer_function_args` parameter. In a similar process, the task also retrieves the name of your pet from the upstream `get_your_pet_name` task and provides it as a kwarg to `producer_function_kwargs`.
```

Reviewer 2: Also a block of text formatting. <img width="750" alt="Screenshot 2023-05-25 at 10 01 20 AM" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/25642903/2d194beb-2ae2-439b-a245-1be1cbfff05b">

Author: 👍 I switched the first two bullet points around because the task retrieves the args and kwargs before the producer function runs. (I also made a small change to the second sentence in of the consume treats bullet) :)

3. Nagivate to the Airflow UI and manually run your DAG.

4. View the produced events in your Kafka cluster. The example screenshot below shows 4 messages that have been produced to a topic called `test_topic_1` in Confluent Cloud.

    ![Producer logs](/img/guides/confluent-produced-tasks.png)

5. View the logs of your `consume_treats` task. The consumed events will be listed.

    ![Consumer logs](/img/guides/kafka-producer-logs.png)

:::info

If you have defined a schema for your Kafka topic, the generator needs to return compatible objects. In this example, the generator produces a JSON value.

:::

:::tip

A common use case is to directly connect a blob storage (for example an Amazon S3 bucket) to your Kafka topic as a consumer. The ConsumeFromTopicOperator is helpful if you want to use Airflow to schedule the consuming task. Instead of writing the messages retrieved to the Airflow logs, you can for example write them to S3 using the [S3CreateObjectOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/amazon/modules/s3createobjectoperator).

:::

## Step 4: Create a listener DAG

> A common use case is to run a downstream task when a specific message appears in your Kafka topic. The AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor is a [deferrable operator](deferrable-operators.md) that will listen to your Kafka topic for a message that fulfills specific criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common Airflow use case is to run a downstream task when a specific message appears in your Kafka topic. The AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor is a [deferrable operator](deferrable-operators.md) that will listen to your Kafka topic for a message that fulfills specific criteria.
```

1. Create a new file in your `dags` folder called `listen_to_the_stream.py`.

2. Copy and paste the following code into the file:

    <CodeBlock language="python">{listen_to_the_stream}</CodeBlock>

>     This DAG has one task called `listen_for_mood` which uses the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor to listen to messages in all topics supplied to its `topics` parameters. For each message which is consumed, the following actions are performed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This DAG has one task called `listen_for_mood` which uses the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor to listen to messages in all topics supplied to its `topics` parameters. For each message that is consumed, the following actions are performed:
```

>     - The message is consumed and processed by the `listen_function` supplied to the `apply_function` parameter of the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor. Note that the function is supplied in as a dot notation string, this is necessary because the Airflow triggerer component will need to access this function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The message is consumed and processed by the `listen_function`, which is supplied to the `apply_function` parameter of the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor. Note that the function is provided as a dot notation string, which is necessary because the Airflow triggerer component will need to access this function.
```

    - If the message consumed causes the `listen_function` to return a value, a [TriggerEvent](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/authoring-and-scheduling/deferring.html) fires.

>     - After a TriggerEvent has been fired, the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor will execute the function provided to the `event_triggered_function` parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - After a TriggerEvent fires, the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor executes the function provided to the `event_triggered_function` parameter.
```

>     In this example the `event_triggered_function` starts a downstream DAG using the `.execute()` method of the `TriggerDagRunOperator`. (Learn more about the [TriggerDagRunOperator](cross-dag-dependencies#triggerdagrunoperator)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In this example, the `event_triggered_function` starts a downstream DAG using the `.execute()` method of the [`TriggerDagRunOperator`](cross-dag-dependencies#triggerdagrunoperator).
```

    - After the `event_triggered_function` has completed, the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor goes back into a deferred state.

>     The AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor will always be running and listening. In case the task fails, for example due to a malformed message being consumed, the DAG will complete as failed and automatically start its next DAG run thanks to the [`@continuous` schedule](scheduling-in-airflow.md#continuous-timetable).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor always runs and listens. If the task fails, like if a malformed message is consumed, the DAG completes as `failed` and automatically starts its next DAG run because of the [`@continuous` schedule](scheduling-in-airflow.md#continuous-timetable).
```

## Step 5: Create a downstream DAG

> The `event_triggered_function` of the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor operator starts a downstream DAG, in this step you will add this DAG to your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `event_triggered_function` of the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor operator starts a downstream DAG to show implementing a dependency based on messages that appear in your Kafka topic.
```

1. Create a new file in your `dags` folder called `walking_my_pet.py`.

2. Copy and paste the following code into the file:

    <CodeBlock language="python">{walking_my_pet}</CodeBlock>

>     This DAG acts as a downstream dependency to the `listen_to_the_stream` DAG and has its runs triggered via the `TriggerDagRunOperator` within the `listen_for_mood` task. You can add any tasks to this DAG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This DAG acts as a downstream dependency to the `listen_to_the_stream` DAG. You can add any tasks to this DAG.
```

## Step 6: Run the DAGs

> Now that all 3 DAGs are ready, lets see how they work together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that all 3 DAGs are ready, run them to see how they work together.
```

1. Make sure all DAGs are unpaused in the Airflow UI and that your Kafka cluster is running.

2. Notice how the `listen_to_the_stream` DAG will immediately start running once it is unpaused with the `listen_for_mood` task going into a deferred state (purple square).

    ![Kafka deferred state](/img/guides/kafka-deferred-task.png)

3. Manually run the `produce_consume_treats` DAG to give your pet some treats (and produce a few messages to the Kafka cluster).

4. Check the logs of the `listen_for_mood` task in the `listen_to_the_stream` DAG to see if a message fitting the criteria defined by the `listen_function` has been detected. It is possible that you will need to run the `produce_consume_treats` DAG a couple of times for such a message to appear.

>     If the TriggerEvent of the `listen_for_mood` task fires, you will see the run of the `walking_my_pet` DAG being intiated from within the `listen_for_mood` task logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the TriggerEvent of the `listen_for_mood` task fires, the `listen_for_mood` task logs will show the `walking_my_pet` DAG being initiated.
```

3. Add the following packages to your `requirements.txt` file:

    ```text
    confluent-kafka==2.1.1
    apache-airflow-providers-apache-kafka==1.0.0
    ```

4. Run the following command to start your project in a local environment:

    ```sh
    astro dev start
    ```

## Step 2: Create two Kafka connections

> The operators of the Apache Kafka Airflow provider use Kafka connection provided to the `kafka_conn_id` parameter to interact with a Kafka cluster. For this tutorial you will need to define two distinct Kafka connections because two different consumers will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apache Kafka Airflow provider uses a Kafka connection provided to the `kafka_conn_id` parameter of each operator to interact with a Kafka cluster. For this tutorial you will define two Kafka connections, because two different consumers will be created.
```

1. In your web browser, go to `localhost:8080` to access the Airflow UI.

> 2. Click Admin -> Connections -> + to create a new connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click Admin -> Connections -> **+** to create a new connection.
```

> 3. Name your connection `kafka_default` and select the `Generic` connection type. Provide the details for the connection to your Kafka cluster as a JSON in the `Extra` field. If you are connecting to a local Kafka seclusterrver created with the `server.properties` in the info box from the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section you will need to use the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Name your connection `kafka_default` and select the `Generic` connection type. Provide the details for the connection to your Kafka cluster as a JSON in the `Extra` field. If you are connecting to a local Kafka cluster created with the `server.properties` in the info box from the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section, use the following configuration:
```
Assumed that you wanted "cluster" from "seclusterrver", but if it was meant to be "server" obviously update it :)

Author: seclusterrver 👀 that sounds like two braincells crashed into each other, sorry about that 😅

    ```json
    {
    "bootstrap.servers": "kafka:19092",
    "group.id": "group_1",
    "security.protocol": "PLAINTEXT",
    "auto.offset.reset": "beginning"
    }
    ```

4. Click Save.

5. Create a second new connection. 

> 6.  Name your second connection `kafka_listener` and select the `Generic` connection type. Provide the same details for the connection to your Kafka cluster as a JSON  as in step 2.3, with the exception that you will need to use a different `goup.id`. Having a second connection with a different `group.id` is necessary because the DAGs in this tutorial will have two consuming tasks which consume messages from the same Kafka topic. Learn more in [Kafka's Consumer Configs documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#consumerconfigs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  Name your second connection `kafka_listener` and select the `Generic` connection type. Provide the same details as in step 2.3, with the exception that you will need to use a different `group.id`. Having a second connection with a different `group.id` is necessary because the DAGs in this tutorial will have two consuming tasks which consume messages from the same Kafka topic. Learn more in [Kafka's Consumer Configs documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#consumerconfigs).
```
Can we provide any guidance here on what the group ID's should be? Or is it expected the reader would already know that?

Author: It can be anything as long as it is different from the one in the first connection (the group ID is used as an identifier for consumers to a Kafka topic, so to consume a message that has already been consumed by another consumer, a second consumer needs to come with a different group ID). But I agree, it might be better to provide one to use so no one is left wondering, I will change that. :)

7. Click Save.

## Step 3: Create a DAG with a producer and a consumer task

> The [Airflow Kafka provider package](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-apache-kafka/versions/latest) contains both a ProduceToTopicOperator, which you can use to produce messages directly to a Kafka topic and a ConsumeFromTopicOperator which can directly consume messages from a topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Airflow Kafka provider package](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-apache-kafka/versions/latest) contains a ProduceToTopicOperator, which you can use to produce messages directly to a Kafka topic, and a ConsumeFromTopicOperator, which you can use to directly consume messages from a topic.
```

    - The `produce_treats` task produces `num_treats` messages to a Kafka topic, each carrying information containing the pet name, a randomly picked pet mood after the treat has been given and whether or not a treat was the last one in a series. The `ProduceToTopicOperator` accomplishes this by using using a function passed to its `producer_function` parameter which returns a generator containing contains key-value pairs. 
    The number of treats pushed to [XCom](airflow-passing-data-between-tasks.md#what-is-xcom) from the upstream `get_number_of_treats` task is retrieved and supplied to the `producer_function` as a positional argument via the `producer_function_args` parameter. The name of your pet is retrieved in the same fashion from the upstream `get_your_pet_name` task and provided as a kwarg to `producer_function_kwargs`.
    - The `consume_treats` task consumes messages from the same Kafka topic and modifies them using the callable provided to the `apply_function` parameter to print a string to the logs. The pet owner name is retrieved from XCom and supplied as a kwarg via the `apply_function_kwargs` parameter.

> 3. Run your DAG.

Reviewer: Should this step include telling them to go to the Airflow UI?

> 4. View the produced events in your Kafka cluster. The example screenshot below shows 4 messages that have been produced to a topic called `test_topic_1` in the Confluent Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. View the produced events in your Kafka cluster. The example screenshot below shows 4 messages that have been produced to a topic called `test_topic_1` in Confluent Cloud.
```

    ![Producer logs](/img/guides/confluent-produced-tasks.png)

5. View the logs of your `consume_treats` task. The consumed events will be listed.

    ![Consumer logs](/img/guides/kafka-producer-logs.png)

:::info

If you have defined a schema for your Kafka topic, the generator needs to return compatible objects. In this example, the generator produces a JSON value.

:::

:::tip

A common use case is to directly connect a blob storage (for example an Amazon S3 bucket) to your Kafka topic as a consumer. The ConsumeFromTopicOperator is helpful if you want to use Airflow to schedule the consuming task. Instead of writing the messages retrieved to the Airflow logs, you can for example write them to S3 using the [S3CreateObjectOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/amazon/modules/s3createobjectoperator).

:::

## Step 4: Create a listener DAG

> A common use case is to run a downstream task when a specific message appears in your Kafka topic. The AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor is a deferrable operator that will listen to your Kafka topic for a message that fulfills specific criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common use case is to run a downstream task when a specific message appears in your Kafka topic. The AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor is a [deferrable operator](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/deferrable-operators) that will listen to your Kafka topic for a message that fulfills specific criteria.
```

> A deferrable operator is a sensor that will go into a deferred state in between checking for its condition in the target system. While in the deferred state the operator does not take up a worker slot, offering a significant efficiency improvement. See [Deferrable operators](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/deferrable-operators).

Reviewer: I'm thinking we take this paragraph out and put the link to the deferrable operators guide on "deferrable operator" in the paragraph above. Now that these have been out for longer, I think we can start to move to explain them less thoroughly every time they're brought up, and just link to the docs where relevant.

> A deferrable operator is a sensor that will go into a deferred state in between checking for its condition in the target system. While in the deferred state the operator does not take up a worker slot, offering a significant efficiency improvement. See [Deferrable operators](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/deferrable-operators).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Lets add a second DAG which will listen for a message fitting special criteria in your Kafka topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Create a new file in your `dags` folder called `listen_to_the_stream.py`.

2. Copy and paste the following code into the file:

    <CodeBlock language="python">{listen_to_the_stream}</CodeBlock>

    This DAG has one task called `listen_for_mood` which uses the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor to listen to messages in all topics supplied to its `topics` parameters. For each message which is consumed, the following actions are performed:

>     - The message is consumed and processed by the `listen_function` supplied to the `apply_function` parameter of the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor. Note that the function is supplied in as a dot notation string, this is necessary because the Airflow triggerer component will need to access this function.

Reviewer: Is there a way we can shorten or condense these bullets at all? It's kind of a lot - I know it's a complicated topic, so if the answer is 'no we can't' that's okay, but let's think about it. I'm not familiar enough with Kafka to make detailed suggestions, but I would think about it from the perspective of what's the minimum someone reading this would need to know to generally understand how the example works.

Author: Yeah good point. I shortened it focussing on what is important about the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor in general, not so much explaining what happens in the concrete example because the docstrings of the functions in the code already explain that. Hope that works :)

>     - If the message consumed causes the `listen_function` to return any value, a TriggerEvent fired (for more details see the [Apache Airflow documentation on Deferrable Operators and Triggers](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/authoring-and-scheduling/deferring.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the message consumed causes the `listen_function` to return a value, a [TriggerEvent](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/authoring-and-scheduling/deferring.html) fires.
```

    - After the `event_triggered_function` has completed, the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor goes back into a deferred state.

    The AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor will always be running and listening. In case the task fails, for example due to a malformed message being consumed, the DAG will complete as failed and automatically start its next DAG run thanks to the [`@continuous` schedule](scheduling-in-airflow.md#continuous-timetable).

## Step 5: Create a downstream DAG

The `event_triggered_function` of the AwaitMessageTriggerFunctionSensor operator starts a downstream DAG, in this step you will add this DAG to your environment.

1. Create a new file in your `dags` folder called `walking_my_pet.py`.

2. Copy and paste the following code into the file:

    <CodeBlock language="python">{walking_my_pet}</CodeBlock>

>     This DAG only has one task that picks a random amount of minutes your pet will go for a walk with you. Note that the `walking_your_pet` task retrieves the `pet_name` from the [Airflow context `params`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/core-concepts/params.html). The name of your pet was injected into this DAG's context via the `conf` parameter of the `TriggerDagRunOperator` in the `event_triggered_function` of the `listen_for_mood` task in the `listen_to_the_stream` DAG. 

Reviewer: This description seems a bit unnecessary for understanding the content of the tutorial. My understanding reading through is that it's basically just a placeholder to show a downstream dependency - if that's correct, let's remove this paragraph and add something saying the contents of this DAG don't really matter, it's just showing how the dependency works.

## Step 6: Run the DAGs

Now that all 3 DAGs are ready, lets see how they work together.

1. Make sure all DAGs are unpaused in the Airflow UI and that your Kafka cluster is running.

> 2. Notice how the `listen_to_the_stream` DAG will immediately start running one it is unpaused with the `listen_for_mood` task going into a deferred state (purple square).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Notice how the `listen_to_the_stream` DAG will immediately start running once it is unpaused with the `listen_for_mood` task going into a deferred state (purple square).
```
